a-trust_status-update_03082021_pause (#208)
fiskaltrust/interface-doc: doc/appendix-de-kassensichv/operation-modes/scu/a-trust.md

title: A-Trust-TSE
---

# A-Trust Cloud-TSE 

> # (Update 06.08.2021: Currently paused by a-trust [Link](https://www.a-trust-tse.de/de/kassensichv/news/news/status-update-august/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::danger

As of August 2021, A-Trust has paused development of its cloud TSE indefinitely. The official statement can be found [here](https://www.a-trust-tse.de/de/kassensichv/news/news/status-update-august/)).

:::
```
